[doc] Document the Python coding style (#1823)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/cpp_style.rst

        elif mc.some_other_obj is not None:
            # TODO: some todo notes
            mc.some_other_method()
        else:
            raise NotImplementedError('Some error messages')

Identation
**********
We always use **4 spaces** for indent. No tabs.

Naming
******
- Variable and function names should consist of lowercase words connected by underscores, e.g. ``num_args`` and ``adaptive_arch_select``.
  * Non-public APIs should additionally start with ``_``, e.g. ``_kernel_impl``. So that end-users won't get confused.
  * Ideally public APIs should be short and easy-to-memorize, unless it's harming readability, e.g. ``ti.activate`` instead of ``ti.activate_sparse_snode_at_index``.
  * Variable names like ``i`` or ``a`` should only occur in trivial places, otherwise is inacceptable.
  * Constant variables should be consisit of words with all latters capitalize, e.g. ``ti.GUI.PRESS``, ``N``.
- Class and struct names should consist of words with first letters capitalized, e.g. ``KernelTemplateMapper``.
  * When using abbreviations in CapWords, capitalize all the letters of the abbreviation, e.g. ``ASTTransformer`` instead of ``AstTransformer``.

> - Filenames should consist of lowercase words connected by underscores, e.g. ``ast_checker.py``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Module names should consist of lowercase words connected by underscores (snake_case), e.g. ``ast_checker.py``.
```

Dos
***
- Make good use of default arguments for simplicity.
- Use Python decorators for functions when appropriate.

> - Use relative import, e.g. ``from .lang import Matrix`` instead of ``from taichi.lang import Matrix``.

Reviewer: Discussion: while in Python3 relative imports are no longer strongly discouraged, according to PEP,  absolute imports are still strongly suggested, I'm a bit curisous why we choose one over the other here?

- The operators tend to get scattered across different columns on the screen, and each operator is moved away from its operand and onto the previous line, e.g.:

.. code-block:: python

   income = (gross_wages
          + taxable_interest
          + (dividends - qualified_dividends)
          - ira_deduction
          - student_loan_interest)

Don'ts
******
- Mixed tabs and spaces. (Please always use 4 spaces for indent)

> - Too long lines. (Please make use of local variables to break it down)

Reviewer: Wouldn't the linter reject this? If so, it might be great to explicitly write down the line length limits of the linter here. (was it 88?)

Author: ```suggestion
- Lines longer than 88 characters. (Please make use of local variables to break it down)
```
